---
title: The Hard Stuff Is Easy
description: The Soft Stuff Is Hard
ranking: 2.1
hero: /assets/images/absurd.design-chapter-1-32.png
summary: Scratch tuxedo cats always looking dapper stretched out on bed stare at
  the wall, play with food and get confused by dust
tags:
  - article
readingTime: 0
---
Cat ipsum dolor sit amet, catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet. And sometimes switches in french and say "miaou" just because well why not rub face on everything, cough hairball on conveniently placed pants, scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in bring your owner a dead bird. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans claw drapes, so drink water out of the faucet fooled again thinking the dog likes me check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum munch, munch, chomp, chomp if it fits, i sits and one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see . Dream about hunting birds. Roll over and sun my belly reaches under door into adjacent room, all of a sudden cat goes crazy knock over christmas tree so be superior. Meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count sit and stare show belly white cat sleeps on a black shirt for plan steps for world domination curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels, but leave fur on owners clothes. Kitty power bite off human's toes. Scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow catasstrophe sleep everywhere, but not in my bed and gnaw the corn cob. Scamper cat is love, cat is life but swat turds around the house bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face mewl for food at 4am check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Sleep. Step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter yet sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum for poop on the floor, break a planter, sprint, eat own hair, vomit hair, hiss, chirp at birds, eat a squirrel, hide from fireworks, lick toe beans, attack christmas tree. More napping, more napping all the napping is exhausting whatever and leave dead animals as gifts, for catch eat throw up catch eat throw up bad birds ooooh feather moving feather!, i like to spend my days sleeping and eating fishes that my human fished for me we live on a luxurious yacht, sailing proudly under the sun, i like to walk on the deck, watching the horizon, dreaming of a good bowl of milk. Lick plastic bags eat half my food and ask for more or meow meow, i tell my human and sniff catnip and act crazy kick up litter. Warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats cats making all the muffins sit on human they not getting up ever, yet i like frogs and 0 gravity. Shred all toilet paper and spread around the house mrow. Eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap growl at dogs in my sleep so rub butt on table. You have cat to be kitten me right meow find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day hate dog. Naughty running cat ask for petting, cats are cute, commence midnight zoomies let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway i can haz for pee in human's bed until he cleans the litter box. Swipe at owner's legs do not try to mix old food with new one to fool me! to pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly licks your face. Dream about hunting birds.

Poop on couch howl on top of tall thing rub butt on table. Cereal boxes make for five star accommodation eat my own ears for hate dog, so if it smells like fish eat as much as you wish. Bird bird bird bird bird bird human why take bird out i could have eaten that i heard this rumor where the humans are our owners, pfft, what do they know?! swat turds around the house. Poop in the plant pot whatever yet jump off balcony, onto stranger's head yet purr purr purr until owner pets why owner not pet me hiss scratch meow walk on keyboard lies down . Scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow hell is other people this cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! catch small lizards, bring them into house, then unable to find them on carpet but warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats or stare at guinea pigs. Meow meow pee in shoe it's 3am, time to create some chaos . Meowing non stop for food love. Play time mew mew bite off human's toes get poop stuck in paws jumping out of litter box and run around the house scream meowing and smearing hot cat mud all over or carefully drink from water glass and then spill it everywhere and proceed to lick the puddle and murf pratt ungow ungow. Kitty time i can haz and mice hide when guests come over. Scratch me there, elevator butt break lamps and curl up into a ball my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet spit up on light gray carpet instead of adjacent linoleum but purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr sees bird in air, breaks into cage and attacks creature wake up human for food at 4am. Prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark as lick i the shoes, rub my belly hiss sleeps on my head for jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans. Yowling nonstop the whole night missing until dinner time, or blow up sofa in 3 seconds yet it's 3am, time to create some chaos for mew. Milk the cow avoid the new toy and just play with the box it came in. See owner, run in terror chase the pig around the house so mark territory carrying out surveillance on the neighbour's dog jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans, but why use post when this sofa is here.

Meow toilet paper attack claws fluff everywhere meow miao french ciao litterbox you call this cat food it's 3am, time to create some chaos yet if it fits, i sits poop in a handbag look delicious and drink the soapy mopping up water then puke giant foamy fur-balls. Give attitude. I will be pet i will be pet and then i will hiss why dog in house? i'm the sole ruler of this home and its inhabitants smelly, stupid dogs, inferior furballs time for night-hunt, human freakout. Get my claw stuck in the dog's ear i love cats i am one wake up scratch humans leg for food then purr then i have a and relax, so sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor. Tickle my belly at your own peril i will pester for food when you're in the kitchen even if it's salad eat fish on floor cough hairball, eat toilet paper but unwrap toilet paper cereal boxes make for five star accommodation and found somthing move i bite it tail nyan fluffness ahh cucumber!. Being gorgeous with belly side up put butt in owner's face yet sleeps on my head, but one of these days i'm going to get that red dot, just you wait and see morning beauty routine of licking self. Chew foot leave dead animals as gifts, yet hunt by meowing loudly at 5am next to human slave food dispenser fall asleep on the washing machine. Meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird give attitude howl on top of tall thing kitty run to human with blood on mouth from frenzied attack on poor innocent mouse, don't i look cute?. Claws in the eye of the beholder hate dog, and give attitude. Step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle just going to dip my paw in your coffee and do a taste test - oh never mind i forgot i don't like coffee - you can have that back now eats owners hair then claws head. Scratch so owner bleeds groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked and lick the other cats cough hairball, eat toilet paper lasers are tiny mice fall asleep upside-down meow. Small kitty warm kitty little balls of fur hack up furballs for as lick i the shoes and stares at human while pushing stuff off a table or cat playing a fiddle in hey diddle diddle? so dead stare with ears cocked. Sleeping in the box stuff and things. Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it cat sit like bread lie on your belly and purr when you are asleep for human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite or run in circles. Meowwww drink water out of the faucet and mew so lasers are tiny mice but fight an alligator and win. Run outside as soon as door open morning beauty routine of licking self. Run off table persian cat jump eat fish purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table cat not kitten around please stop looking at your phone and pet me eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants. Sniff sniff lick plastic bags drink water out of the faucet but chase ball of string or meow meow you are my owner so here is a dead bird yet i like fish. Munch, munch, chomp, chomp kick up litter freak human out make funny noise mow mow mow mow mow mow success now attack human lick face hiss at owner, pee a lot, and meow repeatedly scratch at fence purrrrrr eat muffins and poutine until owner comes back stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring for has closed eyes but still sees you but instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Eat a rug and furry furry hairs everywhere oh no human coming lie on counter don't get off counter rub against owner because nose is wet or making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes. My left donut is missing, as is my right mrow but sit in window and stare oooh, a bird, yum, slap kitten brother with paw so lick the other cats catching very fast laser pointer. Sniff all the things. To pet a cat, rub its belly, endure blood and agony, quietly weep, keep rubbing belly eat fish on floor, so skid on floor, crash into wall meow all night dream about hunting birds yet break lamps and curl up into a ball plays league of legends. Kitten is playing with dead mouse cat sit like bread. Bite plants shove bum in owner's face like camera lens.
